The princess is so anxious to trouble me
But what if?
The princess is still so beautiful
Beauty is unstoppable and makes my heart beat
Concubine, is this going to be unfair for the King of Jin again?
His Royal Highness King Jin Ping's surname is Gaojie
Love the people like children
Live up to the court
What right do you have to torture his family?
Forced into prostitution
The King of Jin who amassed wealth and made sense of foreign countries
In your eyes, such a person of high character
You wronged the emperor
I need to wrong one
Anyway, you're talking nonsense.
What do you want to do when you go back? You assassinated me twice
I
Don't get some interest back
The princess still smells so good.
Bastard let me go